# temp_forecast_europe
What is the present and future trend of temperature change in Europe with regard to carbon and nitrogen emission ? Do sea lines play any significant role in temperature change in Europe? 
The world we know is changing. The climate change is one of the most important issues that face the world in this technological era and it is a long-term change in the average weather patterns that have come to define Earth’s local, regional and global climate. Changes observed in Earth’s climate since the early 20th century are primarily driven by human activities, particularly waste items like domestic and industrial wastewater, incineration,solid foodwaste and so on. These wastes' increases heat-trapping greenhouse gas levels in Earth’s atmosphere, raising Earth’s average surface temperature. These human-produced temperature increases are commonly referred to as global warming.

In this analysis, our goal is to find out the temperature change pattern in europe because of emissions due to wastes. We will further look into the fact if coastal areas show a different trend in temparature change than other coutries without a direct sea connection. In the last part we will try to forecast the temperature change data for the next 10 years. 

The question may come what is the significance of taking waste data into account while there is other facotrs affecting the climate as well. There have a number of research been done in this aspect. Here a research [What's Really Warming The Sun](https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2015-whats-warming-the-world/) by Eric Roston and Blacki Migliozzi in Bloomsberg Businessweek(2015) can be mentioned. This research shows that the most significant role played in temperature change is the human factor mostly because of human wastes. That is why this research will be based on wastage leading towards carbon and nitrogen emissions. 

For the second part of the question, it is important to understand the temperature change pattern for coastal areas as these areas are point of interest for marine geoscience and marine ecology. The latest report from the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is confronting. It finds global mean sea levels rose by about 20 centimetres between 1901 and 2018. In fact, sea levels have risen faster over the last hundred years than any time in the last 3,000 years. This acceleration is expected to continue. A further 15-25cm of sea level rise is expected by 2050, with little sensitivity to greenhouse gas emissions between now and then. Beyond 2050, however, the amount of sea level rise will largely depend on our future emissions. [See the Reference](https://theconversation.com/how-high-above-sea-level-am-i-if-youve-googled-this-youre-likely-asking-the-wrong-question-an-expert-explains-165882). Also sea warming has a negative impact on marine life and ecosystem. That is why we felt that it is important to also take a look in temperature change pattern for coastal areas. 

